This is a story
only she and I know about.
The story of the secret
of this world.
It was like a pool of light.
She ran out of the hospital.
Praying with all her heart,
she crossed the shrine gate.
Fish?
Now I wonder if what I saw that day
was just a dream.
But it wasnt
that summer aay, up in the sky,
we changed the shape
of the world.
I'm a 16-year-old
high school student
we re expecting
very heavy rain shortly.
It's gonna rain again.
I thought it had finally cleared.
We ran into a typhoon
on the island too.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
For your safety,
please go back inside.
Here it comes.
Wow!
Thank you.
What a storm it was.
I'm looking for
a well-paid part-time job
I'm looking for a well-paid
part-time job this is delicious.
Sure you don't want any?
Yeah. I'm not hungry.
Really? Thanks for treating me.
Don't mention it. You saved me.
Yeah. That was close.
Oh. Right.
It's the first time
I saved someone's life.
Ok.
By the way,
do they sell beer here?
Shall I get you one?
It's so expensive!
A grown-up man
scrounging on me...
Tokyo is scary.
Where can I get one
without student ID?
Question posted
it's raining again.
Why did you come to Tokyo?
Er... to visit a relative.
Summer vacation
starts early at my school.
Hmm.
If you ever need help,
contact me.
See ya, kid.
K&a planning
k&a planning I won't.
kabukicho
manga cafe
shower's $2.80 for 20 minutes.
Here.
It suddenly started
pouring down again...
Don't you ever learn?
It's a pain to clean up.
Sorry.
Last years record instances
part-time jobs of sudden torrential
rain were largely exceeded this year...
Of sudden torrential rain were
largely exceeded this year...
0 results of sudden torrential rain
were largely exceeded this year...
Of sudden torrential rain were
largely exceeded this year...
4 answers great!
No such job
it's against labor laws
sex club waiter
really?
Huh?
Are you really in college?
Where's your ID?
Forget it.
It's not stuff for kids.
Suadaen downpours expected...
Tokyo is scary.
Living in Tokyo! Expenses
I've got to start saving.
Shinjuku station
don't sit down here, please.
- $18 all you can drink.
- Master.
Hey, mister. Wait a minute.
18 guns, 1600 live ammunition found
everything the solicitors say is a lie.
Hey, you.
What are you doing here?
Are you a minor?
- Hey!
- Wait!
You jerk!
Tokyo is scary.
But...
I don't want to go home.
Never again.
- Who's this?
- Is he sleeping?
On the floor?
Hey, are you a customer?
No, sorry.
Is he ok?
I eave him alone.
- Get out of the way.
- Sorry.
It's gotta be a toy.
Yamabukicho
21 minutes
Fr... what's this?
It's for you. Don't tell anyone.
Huh? But, why?
You've eaten that for dinner
three nights in a row.
I think that was
the most delicious dinner I've had
in all 16 years of my life.
When can we meet again?
How about the day
after tomorrow?
Great! I found a nice café.
I'll book a table.
See you, nagi.
Bye, ayane.
A grade schooler...
How lucky.
I was hoping to see you.
- Hi, kana.
- Hello, nagi.
He's a ladles' man.
- Did you curl your hair?
- Yes! What do you think?
You look great. Very lovely.
Tokyo's amazing.
K&a planning
k&a planning it should be here.
It should be here.
It doesn't work.
Excuse me. I'm morishima.
I called earlier.
Mr. suga, are you in?
Mr. suga?
Wait, this isn't right.
Hello.
Sorry, I'm...
The new assistant. Kei told me.
Huh? No, I haven't yet...
I'm natsumi. Nice to meet you.
Finally, someone else
to do the grunt work!
Hey, kid.
Yes?
You looked at my boobs.
I didn't.
What's your name?
Hodaka morishima.
Hodaka. Beautiful name.
Are you employed here, natsumi?
Wanna know about me and kei?
- Um, yes.
- You're so funny.
It's like you think.
Really?
I've never seen
a mistress before.
Long time no see, kid.
Have you lost weight?
Don't tell me you went
out gambling again.
You're looking for a job, right?
This is what we're
working on now.
We write for time-honored
and prestigious magazines.
The man who came
downpours are weather weapons
many human sacrifices
protecting Tokyo
our next feature is
"urban legends."
Go and interview people
who witnessed or experienced some.
- Huh? But, I...
- Any topic will do.
Disappearances, human traffic, etc.
You kids like that kinda stuff, right?
How about this?
100% sunshine girl "the girl who
brings sunshine wherever she goes."
- "Sunshine girl"?
- I'm like that!
It's raining so much this year.
- He ignored me?
- There's a demand for that.
Right.
Come on, kid.
You've got zero initiative.
She's got an interview appointment.
Go along and listen.
Me? Now?!
- You're on probation!
- "Probatory period.”
No, really. I can't.
Of course,
sunshine girls do exist.
I knew it!
And also rain girls.
Fortune teller
fortune teller the first are possessed by
a fox god. The latter by a dragon god.
Fxcuse me?
Dragon god individuals drink a lot.
They yearn for water.
They're strong-willed and competitive,
but a bit careless and unreliable.
Maybe that's me.
Fox god individuals are hardworking,
but too weak-hearted to be leaders.
Many are beautiful.
Definitely me.
The weather's off-balance, so more
sunshine and rain girls are born now.
Homeostasis of gaia theory.
I see.
But, we must be careful.
Messing with nature
always has a cost.
Whoever uses too much weather power
gets spirited away.
That's...
I'll be careful.
So, how was it?
A so-called psychic talked at length
about fantasy novel-like stuff.
"If you use too much power
you'll disappear.”
I see. That kinda stuff.
Weather isn't some kind of “power.”
it's a natural phenomenon.
Look, we're aware of that.
But, we're providing entertainment.
Is that all you've written so far?
You're slow.
Sorry.
But it's not bad.
All right, you're hired.
Wait a minute!
I didn't say I was...
It's a live-in job.
- Meals included.
- Really?
I'll do it! Please hire me.
Good. What's your name again?
- Huh?
- Droll.
- It's hodaka.
- Right.
It's ready.
Here.
I'm underage, remember?
Let's celebrate hodaka's hiring.
Cheers!
That was the first meal I shared
with someone since I came fo Tokyo.
This is when my new life started.
On that aay, the wind suddenly
changed before our eyes
thats when I knew
I could do most anything,
lke break the world record
with my weaker hand
I did, I really did
the power of 100 basket clams!
it was a small editing company,
run by Mr. suga and natsumi.
I did all the office chores.
Starting from Mr. suga s
personal care...
Answering the phone, filing receiprs,
franscribing interviews.
Is that all you've written so far?
This isn't mine.
Mr. suga's out of the office...
Sometimes I rode around fown
with natsum/ fo do some /nferviews.
If the world can easily
be changed by love
noboay even cares fo laugh
whats the use of such a world?
I don't need it not for me
whats the use of such a world? I don't
need it not for me a middle schooler?
Whats the use of such a world?
I don't need it not for me
god, please show me
the next one now
- they're looking for a sunshine girl.
- Hilarious.
My sis' friend's a real sunshine girl.
She calls her the day before a date...
Weather research lab
we're not interested.
Then the weather balloon's videosonde
picked up something strange.
A swarm of moving objects
among the cumulonimbi.
Is that all you've written?
You have to buy these
when they're on sale.
He's out of the office...
This paragraph's crap.
But this ain't bad.
Pachinko
Mr. suga, wake up. Come on.
Hello with no goodbye, future with no
resignation Mr. suga, wake up. Come on.
Hello with no goodbye,
future with no resignation
heart with many doors
without any keys
heart with many doors without
any keys my days were hectic.
But, for the first time
someone was relying on me.
I don't mind if the future looks at us as if it knew
but, for the first time someone was relying on me.
I don't mind if the future
looks af us as if it knew
there is much more we can do those
rainy days in Tokyo passed in a flash.
Those rainy days in Tokyo
passed in a flash.
We got plenty of miracles, why don't we use them
those rainy days in Tokyo passed in a flash.
We got plenty of miracles,
why don't we use them
Rain.
Rain. Rain. Rain.
There you are.
How's it going, rain?
Yeah? Good boy.
It's an easy job. You'll see.
But...
Just give it a try.
You'll get paid right away.
Our club is right there.
That girl...
Give it a go
and earn yourself some bucks.
It's right there. Let's go!
But...
Let's go.
Hey! Wait a minute.
Wait!
- Just keep running!
- Listen to me.
You brat!
Hey, man.
What do you think you're doing?
You were forcing her.
Are you dumb or what?
We've made a deal.
Don't tell me...
You're the brat that was
squatting in front of our club?
What's this, payback?
Please stop it.
Damn!
Get off me!
What's that? A toy gun?
You really are dumb.
Get up.
You...
What was that for?
To thank me for that burger?
Where did you get that gun?
Who are you?
That's...
I found it. I thought it was a toy.
It was like a lucky charm for me.
What? You pointed it at someone.
You could have killed him.
I can't believe it! You make me sick.
You're the worst.
I got fired from
my part-time job.
Was it my fault?
No, nothing to do with that burger.
But, that's why
I need a well-paid job.
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have...
- Does it hurt?
- Not really.
You're a runaway, aren't you?
I can tell.
But, you can't enjoy Tokyo
with this rain.
Huh? Yeah.
Come with me.
It'll clear up now.
Huh?
What do you mean?
A sunshine girl?
I'm hina.
- What's your name?
- Hodaka.
- How old are you?
- 16.
Younger than me.
T'll be 18 next month.
You don't look it.
You should treat me
with respect.
Pleased to meet you, hodaka.
Me too.
Mom, there's a fish.
Yeah? Nice.
Don't say bullshit.
I'm serious. This way.
I ook. Over there.
Can't see anything.
It's there. Look harder.
What's that?
The kanto region is experiencing
record-breaking rainfall this summer.
It's been raining continuously
for two months.
The 30 days forecast predicts
more heavy rain for another month.
Sunshine for you the 30 days forecast
predicts more heavy rain for another month.
Sunshine for you
sunshine for you the meteorological agency
said it's an extremely exceptional...
The meteorological agency sald
it's an extremely exceptional...
Too expensive?
Hey!
Look, it's amazing.
Some stuff fell down
with the rain
in the parking lot
fafrotskies
see-through like jelly
they kinda look like fish.
They fell from the sky?
But, they left no trace...
They instantly disappear.
I ook.
Remember what the guy
we interviewed said?
The sky's a deeper
unknown world than the sea.
A cumulonimbus can hold
as much water as a whole lake.
So, it could as well harbor
an uncharted ecosystem.
I ike these fish?
I guess. Amazing, isn't it?
If we write about it...
Maybe we can make good money.
Huh? What?
You're starting to sound like kei.
You'll be a boring grown-up.
Don't put off
your sunshine girl.
- You're going on a date, right?
- It's not a date...
I'm going to look for a job.
What? Don't you work here?
I'm just hanging out.
It's not a date, I said.
I understand how you feel,
keisuke.
But, she finally stopped
talking about you.
It'd be cruel to meet her now.
But, I have the right to see her.
Besides, you smoke. Don't you?
Huh?
She's got asthma.
You're too inconsiderate.
I quit smoking a while ago.
But...
You give a bad impression.
It's raining all the time
this year.
She can't play outside,
and it's bad for her asthma.
I feel sorry
for children nowadays.
We used fo have
beautiful Springs and summers.
They can't live together
just the two of them.
You're right.
Hold on.
So, possibly...
I'm visiting a girl's home
for the first time!
Welcome, hodaka.
You got lost, didn't you?
No, er... it's not much, but...
Wow, thank you. Come on in.
- Thank you.
- Sure.
Potato chips
instant noodles
did you have lunch?
Not yet. But, it's ok.
Sit there and relax.
Can I use these?
- Sure.
- Thanks.
Do you live alone?
With my younger brother.
We had some problems.
Problems?
How about you?
Why did you run away?
I found it suffocating
to live with my parents.
And in that town.
I see.
Shouldn't you go back?
I don't want to.
Right.
Here you go.
I forgot the spring onions!
How do you like living in Tokyo?
Fr... oh.
Come to think of it,
I don't feel like
I'm suffocating anymore.
Happy to hear that.
I et's eat.
What? An earthquake?
It's the train.
Are you serious, hodaka?
Sunshine for you
are you serious, hodaka?
sunshine for you well, you're a
real sunshine girl, aren't you?
Well, you're a real
sunshine girl, aren't you?
You can clear up the sky
just by praying.
Yeah.
Don't you need a job?
I do.
But, I can't charge people for that.
I don't think you're cut out for
working in a club like that.
Hodaka.
What are you looking at?
I'm not looking at anything.
Sorry.
Isn't $50 too expensive?
Shall we do $30, then?
Considering living
expenses, though...
Maybe we need some graphics.
I'll draw them.
What's this? A hippo?
- It's a frog.
- Seriously?
It's done!
Sunshine for you
sunshine for you I'll upload it.
sunshine for you - ok? - Yeah.
Sunshine for you
sunshine for you hi, I'm home.
I'd like some sardines...
Who are you?
You're the boy on the bus!
Do you know each other?
Hodaka, this is my brother nagi.
Nagi, this is hodaka.
He's my business partner.
Request
we've got a request!
You've already uploaded it?
They want good weather
for a flea market.
It's tomorrow.
Wait a minute!
Am I really gonna do this?
Widespread rain tomorrow...
It's gonna rain tomorrow.
That's the whole point.
Who the hell is that guy?
It'll be fine. I'll help you.
How?!
Please use this.
Sorry, I won't.
I've got another
secret weapon for you.
Sorry, don't need it.
Cut it out, hodaka!
Who called those weirdos?
We thought it might
bring good luck.
Don't push yourselves too hard.
We're almost there!
Water, hina?
Do you want a candy?
- Tell them to go home.
- Ok.
- The sky's clearing up.
- No way!
- It cleared up.
- It's been ages, huh?
- Look! Look!
- Finally, after so long.
- The sky's so beautiful.
- Amazing.
What do you think?
- You're awesome, guys.
- You're a real sunshine girl.
- I'm so surprised.
- You're great.
- Even if it was a coincidence.
- It wasn't.
Here's $200.
It's too much.
You get a bonus
because you're cute.
Thank you so much.
We'll sell a lot more now.
Yaay!
- Amazing!
- I feel I can do this.
Cool! Let's make money
with the weather.
Yeah!
With no song fo listen fo,
my day starts in blue
request
but you came along saying
good morning, so flamboyantly
but you came along saying good morning, so flamboyantly
please make the weather sunny for summer comic market
but you came along saying
good morning, so flamboyantly
but you came along saying good morning,
so flamboyantly on my wedding day
on my wedding day
and changed everything -
how strange life is
and changed everything - how
strange life is on sports day!
And changed everything -
how strange life is
your words, probably,
as they say in movies
the human mind
works in mysterious ways.
Are like calchphrases in the climax, you just need fo
see the sun shining in the morning fo feel energized.
A blue sky makes you feel
happy youre alive.
They are so daring a blue sky
makes you feel happy youre alive.
A blue sky makes you feel
happy youre alive.
And I jove them a blue sky makes
you feel happy youre alive.
And I love them
and I jove them it makes you feel more
in love with that someone by your side.
It makes you feel more in love
with that someone by your side.
It's a once in a lifetime event.
I wanna wear white under a blue sky.
To watch the meteor shower.
It never wins on rainy days!
I've worked hard in that sweatshop
just for today!
I want to play outside.
Lantern ceremony
lantern ceremony
everyone had their own reason
fo pursue sunshine in rainy Tokyo.
Asakusa lantern ceremony everyone had their
own reason fo pursue sunshine in rainy Tokyo.
Hina was able fo clear only
small spots for a brief time.
But, the sky would always
answer her prayers.
It's a mystery! Sporadic spots of sunshine
but, the sky would always answer her prayers.
She was really
the "100% sunshine girl. ”
There's no meaning
if you re not around
stop being foo serious,
don't ask me why
my list goes on, list of reasons
my list goes on, list of reasons it was
like the whole fown was dressing up.
It was like the whole fown
was dressing up.
Why it has fo be you it was like
the whole fown was dressing up.
It was like the whole fown
was dressing up.
Heres the 2020th reason why it was
like the whole fown was dressing up.
Here s the 2020th reason why
heres the 2020th reason why what a
wonderful world I was born in, I thought
what a wondertul world
I was born in, I thought.
My list goes on, list of reasons
smile, please.
my list goes on, list of reasons
go! Go! Keep going!
Go! Go! Keep going!
Why it has fo be you
go! Go! Keep going!
why it has fo be you
look, there's more!
Why it has fo be you
why it has fo be you
kawaii... kawaii...
Kawaii... kawaii...
Make a guess whats on the top
of my list kawaii... kawaii...
Make a guess what's on
the top of my list
make a guess whats on the
top of my list go! Go!
Make a guess what's on
the top of my list
make a guess whats on the
top of my list thanks.
Thank you.
Thanks.
- Thanks.
- Thank you so much.
We re really influenced
by the weather.
I realized how much the human heart
is connected with the sky.
There's miso soup in the pot. H.
I'm off.
To where?
Terror alert
- is it canceled due to rain?
- It's past noon.
When does it start?
Tell us what's going on I've
changed my clothes to come here.
I've changed my clothes
to come here.
They'll cancel it I've changed
my clothes to come here.
They'll cancel it
they'll cancel it
shall we go home?
Let's make a good weather
charm I'm tired.
I've read online that
the "100% sunshine girl" is amazing.
But, this is such a big event.
Do you really want to rely on that?
It's going to rain all week.
We won't be able to postpone it.
In this situation, we're even
ready to rely on a charm.
The jingu galen fireworks
will start at 7 P.M.
as scheauled.
I'm in love.
With this sunshine girl job.
I finally found my role in life.
Maybe. Or maybe not.
Or maybe not not.
Maybe not not...?
Yes or ho?
You're too serious.
Thank you, hodaka.
Weather is a mystery.
The way the sky looks
can move you so much.
Hina really moves my heart.
Yesterday s jingu galen fireworks
were blessed with miraculous sunshine.
Company type but, strong rain is back
again today, just like a backlash.
Your strengths the temperature in the capital
is now 70°f, much lower than average.
The temperature in the capital
It's unusually chilly for August.
Make sure you wear a light jacket...
You're my first
company of choice.
I admire skilled and charming people
be careful not fo catch a cold.
I admire skilled
and charming people
I admire skilled and charming people record rainfall
and low temperatures are driving food prices up.
Record rainfall and low temperatures
are ariving food prices up.
Lettuce is three fimes
more expensive than last year.
"Sky fish" report lettuce is three
times more expensive than last year.
Oh, that project?
Right, we've put it on hold.
The sunshine girl is the will of gaia oh,
that project? Right, we've put it on hold.
The sunshine girl is
the will of gaia
the sunshine girl is the will of gaia
sorry, we're not going ahead with it
sorry, were not
going ahead with it.
I see.
Yes. Ok.
I'll do my best, so
please call us again.
What?
Hello, this is the mamiya household.
Hello, it's keisuke.
Sorry to rush you.
Regarding the visit...
You're late, kel.
It's an important interview.
Are we in a bad mood?
No luck with work?
Where's hodaka?
Busy with his other job?
Suga hodaka
suga hodaka
he's neglecting work lately.
Just let him be.
We're not that busy.
He took in that cat.
You did the same with him.
Huh?
You helped him because
he reminded you of yourself.
How much are you paying him?
Only $300? That's so low.
- Nope. It's $30.
- What?
Are you serious? $30 a month?
That's exploitation.
I ook ahead.
You're gonna get sued.
Actually, I'll report you.
He gets free food and accommodation,
and the company pays his phone bills.
Ugh!
No wonder he's got an extra job.
I'm surprised.
It's really cleared up.
You kids are amazing.
It's a shame you're quitting.
She was caught on camera.
The web famous sunshine girl?
We got flooded with requests.
We can't cope. We'll do a last one
then stop for a while.
She looks tired, too.
Got guests, granny?
Oh, you're here.
I came to help.
Very young guests.
Are you granny's friends?
Hello.
I've asked for nice weather on
my husband's first anniversary.
It stopped raining, in fact.
It'd be hard for him to come back
if it was raining.
"Come back"?
They say the dead come back
from the sky around August 15.
So, he died a year ago?
Yes.
My mom too.
You lost your mother last year?
Yes.
Light a welcoming fire for her.
She'll protect you.
Thanks.
He'll follow the smoke
and come back.
From where?
From heaven.
There's always been
another world, up in the sky.
Apparently, this is what
the weather maiden saw.
It's a mysterious painting.
Flying fish in the sky.
And even a dragon.
It's beautiful.
Right?
The "weather maiden” was
like a shaman, right?
Huh? What?
Was she like a shaman?
Yeah.
Fixing the weather is
the weather maiden's work.
- Fixing it?
- Sounds like a con.
Like this year's abnormal weather?
There's nothing abnormal about that.
They say “in recorded history,"
but when did records begin?
100 years ago at best.
How old do you think this is?
800 years old.
8007?
Don't get too excited, grandpa.
The weather changes on a whim.
Regardless of human needs.
We can't even tell
what's the norm and what isn't.
We're only allowed to stay temporarily
in the space between
the sky and earth,
clinging hard not to be shaken off.
We used to be well aware
of this in the past.
But, there's a thin thread
linking us humans and the sky.
The weather maiden.
I pray for good weather
the weather maiden.
I pray for good weather a special girl who can take
in people's wishes and deliver them to the sky.
A special girl who can take in people's
wishes and deliver them to the sky.
I pray for the rain to stop a special girl who can
take in people's wishes and deliver them to the sky.
In ancient times, there was one
in every village and every country.
Kel.
It sounds like the sunshine girl.
Are you sure you want
to listen to my grandpa?
It all sounds pretty far-fetched.
It's a very interesting story.
We're thankful.
But, everything comes
at a price.
A tragic fate awaits
the weather maiden.
Tachibana
tachibana one, two, three.
One, two, three.
Your turn.
Thanks for keeping
granny company.
We're actually here
because of work.
Join us, granny.
They're having fun.
How old are you guys?
I'm 16. She's...
She said it's her
birthday next week.
Really? You've gotta
buy her a present.
Come eat some watermelon.
- Yaay!
- Thank you.
Hey, wait!
Dang.
Jeez. Why?
Wait a minute.
I didn't know she was
a minor, I swear.
It's not about that?
I told you it wasn't.
You made us run for nothing.
That's you, right?
Can you tell us about this boy?
A high school boy?
Maybe he picked up by chance
the gun shibata threw away.
In that case, he might
have posted about it.
Online, you mean?
Kids write all sorts of stuff
on social networks nowadays.
I'm 16 years old kids write all sorts
of stuff on social networks nowadays.
What's the best birthday
present for an 18 y/o girl?
Posted
4 answers
don't ask online
go, nasi!
- You're amazing, nagi!
- You're the best.
A ring. Definitely.
Really? Isn't it too serious?
It's for my sister's
birthday, right?
I've asked another woman
for reference, but...
What I'd like to get?
Hugs and kisses. Cash.
A decent boyfriend. And a job.
It wasn't helpful at all.
- Aring...
- Bye bye, nagi.
See you, nagi.
You're in love
with hina, aren't you?
What?
Er, it's not like that.
Or maybe it is?
Being ambivalent
is the worst thing for a man.
Really?
Be clear before you start dating
and be ambiguous later. It's the basics.
Can I call you nagi sempai?
Hina's been working all the time
since mom died.
She's been doing it for me,
because I'm still a kid.
So, I want her to do more
teenage-like stuff.
I don't know if you're
the right guy, though.
Thank you very much.
Er, do you think she'll like it?
Huh?
It took you three hours
to choose it.
If it were I,
I'd be very happy to receive it.
I wish you the best of luck.
Longest rain spell record broken
longest rain spell record broken tomorrow's
sunshine girl job will be our last
a man requested good weather
at the park for his daughfter.
After that,
11 give hina the ring.
Daddy, do it again.
One more time!
Right. Ready?
(Go!
Ow. This is bad for your back.
Why you, Mr. suga?
Did you know this was my job?
You knew and said nothing?
Actually, you have a daughter?
I'm stunned.
Today's forecast was 100% rain.
My daughter has asthma.
She lives with her granny, who
won't let me see her on rainy days.
Nothing can beat
a gorgeous blue sky.
So, you're hodaka's boss.
I also saved his life.
Why does she treat you
like a little boy?
Hina's two years older than me.
Huh? 16, 17, 18. Same stuff.
- I guess.
- It's not.
There you are!
Hi, guys!
Aren't you gonna be in trouble?
Does natsumi know
you're married?
What's up with you guys?
Hodaka thought you were my...
Mistress?
You didn't tell me
you were uncle and niece.
That's a disgusting fantasy.
You're dirty-minded.
Hey, hodaka.
You looked at my boobs.
I didn't!
Natsumi!
Hello, moka!
Daddy, I made a garland.
It's for you.
Really?
Come here, hodaka.
My sempai's calling me.
Hodaka's hilarious.
He's such a kid.
Don't you think they're similar?
- Hodaka and Mr. suga?
- Yep.
Kei ran away from home and came
to Tokyo when he was a teen.
He met his future wife
and fell in love big time.
But, she died in an accident
some years ago.
He's still in love with her.
I've been dying to meet you
for so long, hina.
The 100% sunshine girl.
You're amazing.
I wish I had a skill like that on my
resume. I hate looking for a job.
I wish I was still
in high school too.
I can't wait to be
a grown-up instead.
Right. Good to see you're ok.
I was actually a bit worried.
Are you tired, moka?
Here, take a breath.
One, two, three.
I'm fine. Let's play!
I don't think...
I guess we'll leave now.
I want to spend
more time with nagi!
Why don't we all go
to dinner together?
But...
I'll go eat with moka. Is it ok?
- Sure.
- Yaay!
Hodaka, take hina home.
Hey.
Thank you for bringing
the sunshine today!
Thank you.
I'm glad I made you happy.
Oh my god. Oh my god.
So, possibly this is gonna be...
The first time I tell
a girl I love her.
- Hina.
- Hodaka.
- Sorry.
- [T's ok.
- What is it?
- Nothing in particular.
What were you saying?
Hodaka, you know...
I...
Hina!
Hodaka!
Hina?
I think I became
a sunshine git...
Last year, on that aay.
I prayed for good weather
all day long the day before.
I wanted fo have one last walk
under the sun with my mom.
It looked like a pool of light.
Praying with all my heart,
I crossed the shrine gate.
When I came arouna,
I was lying on the roof floor.
And the sky was clear.
I think
that's when I got
connected to the sky.
Connected to the sky?
Stay in there, hodaka.
Police.
Sorry for the late visit.
The police?
Are you sure
you've never seen him?
He's been seen many times
around here.
I don't know him.
What has he done?
We want to ask him
some questions.
He's a runaway. His parents
filed a missing person's report.
Also, you're living alone
with your little brother, right?
That's right.
That's a bit of a problem too.
Without a guardian, you...
But!
We don't bother anyone.
Hina.
She'll come back tomorrow
with the social service.
What can I do?
They'll separate us!
Mr. suga
Hodaka! The police were...
I know.
Go home, I'll come later.
Temperatures have fallen
sharply after sunset.
Mr. suga?
Surprised by my new look?
I'm in disguise.
The police came to my office.
They're treating it like a kidnapping.
I denied any involvement,
but they suspect me.
Take it. It's your severance pay.
Don't come back to the office.
They'll arrest me.
I filed for custody of my daughter.
It's a delicate time, sorry.
Go back home tomorrow.
Then everything will
g0 back to normal.
It'll be best for everyone.
It's time to grow up, kid.
We can't stay here anymore.
But, where are you...
I don't know, but...
Anywhere will do.
As long as I'm with you.
Hodaka, you'd better go home
before you get caught.
You've got a place
to go back to.
Don't say that.
We'll be fine.
I'm not going back.
Let's run away together.
A heavy rain special warning has
just been issued in the Tokyo area.
It could be the heaviest
rainfall in decaoes.
Watch out for floods
mn lowland areas.
A sudden typhoon-strength
low-pressure system...
River flooding.
Increasing danger.
Hey, it's overflowing!
Keep calm and walk slowly
towards the exit.
Namboku line akabane-iwabuchi station,
shibuya Metro station...
Heavy rain and special warning
heavy rain and special warning
several flights canceled
at haneda airport.
Over 6 inches of rain in an hour.
Heavy flooding in many areas of Tokyo.
Evacuation order kita ward, arakawa wara,
taito ward, sumida ward, shibuya ward.
You may get stranded.
It's really cold, isn't it?
Eee is tsi eee tei e es a tst
ts ihe ss t= ot ee eee ea
rainfall range and intensity
ee a area see te ae st er et tes
ee I ar a = esse es nse s ras
heavy rain special warning cumulonimbi
keep gathering above Tokyo...
Heavy rain special warning
heavy rain special warning in just an
hour, it's like a different season.
Heavy rain special warning
heavy rain special warning
I repeat,
a heavy rain special warning
has been issued in the Tokyo area.
The low-pressure system over
the kanto region...
Because of a stream of cold air over
kanto, very unstable weather...
More heavy rain in central Japan
even after dawn.
This abnormal weather
will continue for a few weeks.
This abnormal weather is unprecedented
and extremely dangerous.
Ikebukuro train delays
ikebukuro train delays due fo transportation
delays, yamanote line trains are suspended.
Due fo transportation delays,
yamanote line trains are suspended.
What the heck?
- Let's get off.
- I'll ask mom to pick us up.
It's freezing.
What should we do?
Let's look for a place
to sleep tonight.
I'm sorry, we're fully booked.
Do you have a reservation?
We're full.
Only the three of you?
Do you have ID?
Love hotel
we can't accept unaccompanied minors.
It's not a matter of money.
It's no place for kids.
You guys...
Are you runaways?
Hina, hodaka. Look!
Snow?
Cold drink
Midsummer snow
Hina is connected
with the sky...?
It's freezing!
Hey kel, it's snowing in August.
The world's finally gone crazy.
Oh?
It's unbelievable, but
it's snowing here in Tokyo.
Kei, wake up.
You'll catch a cold.
Asuka.
Asuka. You too, kel. Smile.
Heater
brr.
You look like an old man, kei.
You know, once you grow old
you can't switch
your priorities anymore.
What are you saying?
Where's hodaka?
You kicked him out?
I can't believe it!
I told you, the police showed up.
I've got to protect myself.
So, you smoked a pack of cigarettes
and got drunk because you felt guilty.
That's so uncool, meow.
Even rain's saying it.
Really uncool. So last century.
Can you stay away? You smell old.
You're uncool too.
What's her name... hina?
If the story about the
weather maiden being...
A human sacrifice is true,
then one day she'll...
But, that's...
What should I have done, then?
Don't get so uptight.
It's just bullshit.
But, if it was true...
If you could fix this crazy weather with
one human sacrifice, I'd be happy.
Everyone would.
A heavy rain and heavy snow warning
has been issued.
Don't go out if it's not
strictly necessary...
Heavy rain special warning
heavy rain special warning please follow
local government evacuation instructions.
Heavy rain special warning
heavy rain special warning
you kids.
You kids.
It's dangerous to walk around
unsupervised.
Are you all siblings?
Fr
We're going home.
I'm a college student.
They're my younger brothers.
I see. Can you show me your ID?
I don't have it on me.
Maybe it's him.
He may be carrying a gun.
Be careful.
And you? Are you in high school?
That's a big backpack.
Can you remove your hood?
Hina.
Run away.
Hey! Wait!
Stop!
- Gotcha!
- Let me go!
Resisting arrest.
- Stop struggling.
Hodaka!
Stop!
Hina.
Please!
It's dangerous.
Let's go, hina.
- Jeez.
- Let's go take a look.
Sempai.
It's $280 a night.
$280. Can you pay?
Huh? Yes. I'll pay.
Seems like I'm a wanted man now.
That's so cool.
- I was really worried.
- You almost got arrested.
I totally panicked.
There's nothing to laugh about.
This room is huge!
The bed"s huge!
The bathroom's huge!
Hina. Hodaka.
Let's take a bath together.
Do it alone.
Hodaka, let's take
a boys-only bath together.
It's so warm.
What's this?
- Wow!
- Amazing.
Switch.
There's a lot of stuff.
- What do you want?
- Let's try them all, sempai.
- Are you sure?
- I got severance pay.
Hina, we're having
a gorgeous dinner tonight.
Looking forward to it.
Fried chicken
here t am.
Welcome back.
I et's eat.
Let me try that, hodaka.
- The curry"s yummy.
- Yakisoba's delicious.
I want some too.
Isn't it too early, hodaka?
Tastes yummier if you wait
only two minutes.
The forfune cookie in love
the future's not looking so grim
the thing thats in your heart
the thing that soon will disappear
dear god, if you really exist,
I beg you.
This is more than enough.
We don't need anything else.
We'll manage somehow.
So please, don't give us
anything more,
and aon t take anything
more from us.
I beg you please, dear god.
Let us be fogether
like this forever
hina.
Happy 18th birthday.
It's cheap, but I've picked something
that'd look good on you.
Thanks.
Tell me, hodaka.
Would you like
this rain to stop?
Yes.
I was chosen to be
a human sacrifice.
Natsumi told me about
the sunshine girl's fate.
She gets sacrificed and disappears,
then the weather goes back to normal.
Come on.
They're always telling weird stories.
It's not like people disappear...
What are you looking at?
I'm not looking...
I'm looking at you.
Why are you crying?
The more I pray for sunshine, the more
my body becomes transparent.
I'm sure that,
if I die this way,
the usual summer will come back.
- Take care of nagi.
- No.
No way.
You're not going anywhere.
We'll live together.
The three of us.
Hodaka.
Let's make a promise, hina.
We'll always be together.
I'll work.
I'll earn enough for all of us.
You quit the sunshine girl job.
Your body will go back to normal.
So...
I had a dream.
I was still on the 1s/and.
[I wanted fo leave.
I was rushing desperately,
trying to reach the light.
When I thought I dia,
I reached a dead end instead.
Then I decided I wanted
fo enter that light
and at the edge of if,
I found you.
I had a dream.
The aay I met you.
You looked lke a lost kitten.
But you ve found a meaning
for my existence.
I kept working as the sunshine gir!
Cos I was happy fo make people smile.
I'm really glad I've met you.
So, don't cry, hodaka.
What is this place?
Hodaka...
Hina?
Where are you?
Hina.
- Hina?
- What's wrong, hodaka?
Hina's disappeared.
I just dreamt...
That she was disappearing in the sky.
Don't tell me...
Open the door.
- Open up!
- What?
Hodaka morishima, right?
You're a missing person. And suspected
of unlawful possession of a weapon.
- Come to the police station.
- Let me go!
- I won't hurt you.
- Let me go, I said!
- Hodaka!
- Sempai.
Don't struggle.
Keep going.
After months of rain, the kanto plain is
finally seeing some brilliant sunshine.
[11 seems unreal.
In the last few hours,
a sudden change in...
By 8 A.M. the temperature
was already over 77 f.
It's a miracle! Many areas around
the arakawa river are flooded.
Many areas around the
arakawa river are flooded.
Flooded but it's sunny many areas
around the arakawa river are flooded.
Many areas around the
arakawa river are flooded.
Thanks sunshine girl I saw her in a dream many
areas around the arakawa river are flooded.
Thanks sunshine girl
I saw her in a dream
thanks sunshine girl I saw her in a dream
the transport system is still paralyzed...
The transport system
is still paralyzed...
I think I had the same dream the
transport system is still paralyzed...
I think I had the same dream
I think I had the same dream the extent
of the damage has yet fo be assessed.
The extent of the damage
has yet fo be assessed.
Lake a few days
at least for recovery.
Everyone looks happy
under the clear blue sky.
First sunshine in 72 days everyone
looks happy under the clear blue sky.
- Hey, look at the sky.
- Is it for real?
- It's sunny.
- It cleared up!
The sky's so clear.
I feel like crying.
Finally, real summer
has arrived.
What are you doing?
Hina...
Sacrificed herself.
- Hina! Tell me it's not true!
- Hey!
Hina!
I've got a question.
The girl who was with you yesterday
is 15-year-old hina amano, right?
Do you know where she is?
Hina's 157
not 187
she faked her resume at work.
I guess she had to make a living,
but she's still in middle school.
Compulsory school age.
Didn't you know?
What the heck?
I'm the oldest one.
What a pain.
Don't you know where she may be?
The sky has cleared because
she offered herself in exchange.
And nobody knows that...
I can't take it.
This is a pain.
Will we need an expert
medical withess?
It's clear
Daaay! Did you look outside?
Yeah, I did.
I dreamt of hina.
I'm sure it was her
who brought the sunshine again.
Yeah.
Maybe you're right.
Ikebukuro police station
ikebukuro police station
excuse me.
Detective,
I've got a favor to ask you.
What?
Let me go look for hina.
It's my turn to help her now.
I'll come back
as soon as I find her.
I'll listen to you in here.
Come on.
Tell Mr. yasui
we'll interrogate him now.
Yes, sir.
Hey! Wait!
Wait!
Someone stop him!
Stop!
- That brat!
- Don't let him get out of here.
Stop!
Wait!
Bastard.
What the hell?!
Cheeky bastard.
Cross the street.
Darn!
Hodaka.
- Natsumi?
- What are you doing?
I'm going to find hina.
Get on.
That brat!
Nagi called.
He said hina has disappeared
and you got arrested.
Where is he?
At the child consultation center.
How exciting. We're outlaws now!
Where are we going, then?
What? Another visitor?
Visitor: Ayane hanazawa
oh, another girl.
He's popular.
Visiting room
visiting room nagi.
Ayane! You're here too.
- Kana, this is ayane.
- Pleased to meet you.
- Ayane, this is kana.
- Nice to meet you.
And she's officer sasaki.
She'll be here with me all day.
You're like a vip, nagi.
Pleased to meet you.
Today's meeting record
today's meeting record thank
you so much for coming.
Sorry for the sudden news.
Really! When I heard they took you
into custody, my heart almost stopped.
Same for me.
My heart's still pounding.
Touch and feel it, nagi.
Oh, you're right.
- Excuse me.
- Yes?
It's my first visit.
I'm a bit nervous.
Huh?
I need the toilet.
Oh, ok.
Thanks, I owe you one.
Jeez. You even call your ex
when you need something.
Here.
Look the other way.
I'll take my clothes off.
Mr. keisuke suga.
Thanks for yesterday.
You again?
Summer's finally back
the way it should, huh?
I told you I know nothing
about that runaway boy.
Can we check out
your office for a minute?
- Hey, what's that for?
- Oh, it's flooded.
There's no one in there.
Well, it's a bit
embarrassing, but...
Huh? He ran away?
From the police station?
A derelict building in yoyogi?
That's where she became
a sunshine girl.
Bend down!
She said she got connected to the sky
on the roof of that building.
So, if I go there, I'm sure...
Oh, no!
You, on that bike! Stop!
Hold tight!
Whoa!
Natsumi!
Am I awesome or what?
I think t was born for this.
Maybe...
I should become a speed cop!
They won't hire you now.
As for the reason for his escape...
I think he may be searching
for the girl who was with him.
I'm going shopping asuka
I'm going shopping
he said she's disappeared
in exchange for this good weather.
What? Don't tell me you...
No, I don't believe it.
But, he's throwing his life away.
And all because there's a girl
he wants to meet so badly.
Moka 2 y/o moka 1y/o makes
me feel a bit envious.
There's not much point
in telling me that.
Mr. suga, you...
Huh?
Are you ok?
Why?
Well, you are...
Crying.
Oh, no.
We're jumping in!
Can't go any further.
Go, hodaka.
Thank you, natsumi.
Hodaka!
Run!
Hina. Hina. Hina. Hina!
Are you there? Hina!
Hey, hodaka.
It clear up now.
It's for you.
You ve eaten that for dinner
three nights in a row.
- Does it hurt?
- You're a runaway, aren't you?
But, you can't enjoy Tokyo
with this ramn.
Younger than me.
I7 be 18 next month.
Hina's birthday
tl be 78 next month.
You should treat me
with respect.
Are you hungry, hodaka?
Sit there and relax.
How do you like living in Tokyo?
Come fo think of it
I don't feel like
I'm suffocating anymore.
Happy fo hear that.
I'm in love with
this sunshine girl job.
Thank you, hoadaka.
Someone got onto the tracks.
- Who's that?
- Hey, you!
It's dangerous!
Hey! What are you doing?
It's dangerous! Stop!
- What's that? Hilarious.
- What is he doing?
- There's someone running.
- He'll get arrested.
There are idiots like that.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, hina!
I made you ado that
sunshine girl thing.
You ve shouldered
all responsibility.
Tell me...
Hodzaka.
Would you like
this rain fo stop?
Mr. suga?
I was looking for you, hodaka.
Why?
Do you realize
what you're doing?
Hina's disappeared.
It's my fault.
The sunshine girl job was my idea.
Hodaka, you...
It's my turn to help her now!
I must go.
Wait!
Where are you...
I can go to heaven
through there!
What are you saying?
She's in the sky!
I'll use the emergency stairs.
- She can't be up there...
- I have to help her!
Get a grip!
Calm down.
Go back to the police station.
They'll understand.
You've done nothing wrong.
If you keep running away,
it'll be too late. You know that.
Suspect's car found.
Going to apprehend him.
Don't worry, I'll come with you.
Let's explain everything
together, ok?
Let me go! Please!
Calm down.
Get off me!
You bastard!
Don't stand in my way!
Hodaka. That's...
Let me go see hina.
I was born with nothing
in my hand
forever wallowing
in an eternal gap
hodaka morishima.
Drop the gun.
Hey, wait a minute.
It's a misunderstanding.
I'll explain.
Right, hodaka?
You...
Put the gun down, morishima.
Please don't make me shoot.
Hodaka.
Come on hodaka,
just put it down.
What's wrong with you guys?
He's just a kid!
I eave me alone!
Why are you holding me up? You all
know nothing. You pretend you don't.
I just want to see her...
Once more!
Got him!
Let go of me!
Take your hands off
hodaka, assholes!
You bastard!
Go, hodaka!
Stop!
Hodaka.
Nagi!
Hey!
It's all your fault, hodaka.
Bring my sister back!
Is there still anything
that love can odo?
that I can oo?
You gave me strength,
now I must use it for you
is there still anything
that love can odo?
Is there still anything
that love can do? Dear god,
is there still anything
that love can odo?
Is there still anything that love can do?
Please, please, please.
Sky fish?
Hina!
We gave up on our wings fo fly
- hina!
- Hodaka!
And chose fo hold each other's hands
hina! Hodaka!
And chose fo hold
each other's hands
but the sky above
kept us transfixed
but the sky above kept us transfixed
hodaka! Hina!
But the sky above
kept us transfixed
but the sky above kept
us transfixed jump!
But the sky above
kept us transfixed
is if a crime fo
aream another dream?
Summer sees the back of Autumn
summer sees the back of Autumn
I found you!
Summer sees the back of Autumn
summer sees the back of Autumn
hodaka! Hodaka!
Summer sees the back of Autumn
summer sees the back of Autumn -
don't let go of my hands. - Ok.
- Don't let go of my hands.
- Ok.
Guessing what it looks like from behind
don't let go of my hands. Ok.
Guessing what it
looks like from behind
is this a yearning,
is this love?
It's unrequited, we know
hina!
Hodaka!
Today once in a thousand years
gravily falls asleep
let's go home, hina.
Let's stand on the blind side
of the sun let's go home, hina.
Let's stand on the
blind side of the sun
let's stand on the blind side of the
sun but, if I do, the weather will...
But, if I do,
the weather will...
To leave this planet now but,
if I do, the weather will...
Jo leave this planet now
to leave this planet now
it's ok.
When he's awake it's enough.
When he's awake
when he's awake you don't have
to be the sunshine girl anymore.
You don't have to be
the sunshine girl anymore.
We'll be where they can't bring us back you
don't have to be the sunshine girl anymore.
We'll be where they
can't bring us back
jump out on the count of three
Jo someplace else
we go
who cares if we don't
see the sunshine again.
I want you
more than any blue sky.
The weather...
Can stay crazy!
Lets raise the sa/I of our dream
for the aay fo come
when the night is through
here we are with
hearts full of hope
[hat the rest would
take care of /fself
put my arm around you
it's not that we re not scared
but we won't stop
we may get ahead of hard times
but what good does if do?
Our love fells us,
a vorce fells us
Jo go
pray for yourself...
Hina.
Ok.
Hodaka.
All love songs had been sung
myriad movies had
fold thelr sfories
you and I were born
in such a wastelana, and yet
the rain started falling again
that day, and never stopped.
It's slowly sinking Tokyo
nto the water
and its still falling now,
three years later.
How fast time flies, I can't believe
how quickly the moments have passed...
The precious years have come and gone
foo soon, here with you
I've learned from you the right way
fo do what must be done
What can I say?
Congratulations on your
graduation what can I say?
Congratulations
on your graduation
graduation ceremony
morishima sempai!
Er... you're moving
to Tokyo, aren't you?
Huh? Yeah.
Come on, ask him.
It's now or never.
So, possibly, this is...
You know... there's something
I've always wanted to ask you.
The first time someone
tells me they love me?
I'd like to know...
Fr
Is it true you're wanted
by the police in Tokyo?
Huh?
That summer of three years ago,
I was arrested Ana went on trial
they put me on probation
until graquation.
The island, my parents' house
and the school...
They all were the same old places
where I was supposed fo live.
But, I just kept quietly waiting
for graduation.
[I haven't ..
Seen hina since that aay.
I have no idea what I'l think
seeing Tokyo after it changed,
nor what I'll say fo her.
Tomorrow's weather
for the kanto region.
College entrance guide
college entrance guide
it will rain again all aay.
Now I need to find
a part-time job.
Job sfarch
hiring part-time
looking for food service worker
the high will be 59°f. Same or slightly
hotter than today in most areas.
Anthropocene - education for the "new geology generation" the high
will be 59°f. Same or slightly hotter than foday in most areas.
Anthropocene - education for
the "new geology generation"
anthropocene - education for the "new
geology generation" oh, right...
Speaking of part-time jobs...
Sunshine for you
sunshine for you
it's still there.
It's still there.
1 request
it was a sunshine girl request
from two years ago.
Next sfop takashimaaaira.
Look who's here. Are you alone?
Tachibana
where's the sunshine girl?
She's no longer a sunshine girl.
I came just to tell you that.
Don't trouble yourself.
You moved. You used to live
in an older house downtown.
The whole area
is under water now.
I'm sorry.
Why do you apologize?
Um...
You know, that area
used to be under the sea.
Until 200 years ago.
In old times, Tokyo
was just a bay.
Human beings and the weather
changed it, little by little.
So, well... I think it's just
gone back to its original self.
What the heck .. 7?
You've been thinking
about that crap for three years?
Don't say that...
You're about to start college,
but you're still acting like a kid.
But, that day we...
You two caused this?
You changed the world?
Bullshit.
Don't flatter yourself, dummy.
Look, I went on a date
with my daughter.
But, natsumi and nagi
were in the way.
Stop brooding over
stupid stuff and go see her.
Why haven't you?
I was on probation.
I didn't want to cause her trouble.
She doesn't even have a cellphone.
And I'm so nervous.
I don't know what to say to her.
Rain? You're so big now.
Come on, get out of here.
Go now. I've got work to do!
Just go to her house.
Thank you for your time.
Come back again.
Hey.
Don't sweat it, young man.
The world's always
been crazy anyway.
Next stop hamamatsucho.
- You're super positive.
- You think?
- Looking forward to the picnic.
- Yeah!
It was under the sea.
The world's always been crazy.
So, it's no one's fault
that it's like this.
Is this what I should
say to her?
I was about fo cry
cause I can see
how you carry the world
on your tiny shoulders
no. That's not it
that aay, I...
We changed the world.
I made a choice.
I've chosen her. I've chosen this world.
T've chosen fo live here.
Hina!
Hodaka!
What's wrong? Are you ok?
Yeah.
Hina, I'm sure...
We're gonna be ok.
I was about fo cry
cause I can see
how you carry the world
on your tiny shoulders
on your tiny shoulders hodaka
morishima kotaro daigo
hodaka morishima kotaro daigo
you asked me if I'm ok hodaka
morishima kotaro daigo
you asked me if im ok
you asked me if I'm ok
hina amano Nana mori
I say, I'm ok, real quick...
But hina amano Nana mori
I say, I'm ok, real quick... but
why ado you say that?
Why ado you say that?
Natsumi suga tsubasa Honda
why ado you say that?
Why ado you say that?
Nagi amano sakura kiryu
nagi amano sakura kiryu
when the one who's about to break
is you nagi amano sakura kiryu
when the one whos
about to break is you
Yasui sei hiraizumi
takai yuki kaiji
I am foo little
and my dream is too big
I am too little and my dream is too
big fumi tachibana chieko baisho
I am foo little
and my dream is too big
I am too little
keisuke suga shun oguri
I want fo be your ok,
it want fo be ok
I want fo be your ok, I want fo be ok executive
producers minami ichikawa noritaka kawaguchi
executive producers
minami ichikawa noritaka kawaguchi
I can't make you be ok I want fo be ok for you
executive producers minami ichikawa noritaka kawaguchi
I can't make you be ok
I want to be ok for you
I can't make you be ok I want fo be ok for
you producer & planning genki kawamura
I can't make you be ok
I want to be ok for you
I can't make you be ok I want fo be ok
for you producer yoshihiro furusawa
I can't make you be ok
I want to be ok for you
I can't make you be ok I want fo be ok for
you character designer masayoshi Tanaka
character designer
masayoshi Tanaka
character designer / animation director
atsushi tamura
art director hiroshi takiguchi
sound director haru Yamada
sound effects fiko morikawa
music by radwimps
Original story / screenplay / director
makoto shinkai
I was born with
nothing in my hand
forever wallowing
in an eternal gap
those who have given up,
those who are smart enough
are the only ones breathing in this
age of survival mamiya sumi shimamoto
are the only ones breathing
in this age of survival
are the only ones breathing in this
age of survival moka suga Mei kazuki
are the only ones breathing
in this age of survival
are the only ones breathing in this
age of survival kimura ryohei kimura
are the only ones breathing
in this age of survival
are the only ones breathing in this
age of survival kana kana hanazawa
ayane ayane sakura
sasaki kana ichinose
fortune teller masako nozawa
priest hidekatsu shibata
taki tachibana ryunosuke kamiki
mitsuha miyamizu
mone kamishiraishi
rulers and god's pretend they don't see
mitsuha miyamizu mone kamishiraishi
rulers and gods
pretend they don't see
rulers and gods pretend they don't
see katsuhiko teshigawara ryo narita
rulers and gods
pretend they don't see
rulers and god's pretend they
don't see Sayaka natori aoi yuki
rulers and gods
pretend they don't see
rulers and god's pretend they don't
see yotsuha miyamizu kanon tani
rulers and gods
pretend they don't see
but I know deep down
that they all see
bravery, hope and ties that bind
magic of no use, adults look away
magic of no use, adults look away original story
I screenplay / storyboards makoto shinkai
magic of no use, adults look away
animation director atsushi tamura
animation director
atsushi tamura
but youre still inside me
but you re still inside me
from that very day
but youre still inside me from that very day
assistant animation director minoru ohashi
but you re still inside me
from that very day
but youre still inside me from that very
day direction yuga tokuno kenijii imura
but you re still inside me
from that very day
but youre still inside me from that
very day assistant director yoko miki
assistant director yoko miki
right in the middle of all my justice
right in the middle
of all my justice
even when the whole world
furns its back on us
you defy it, you re still here
is there still anything
that love can odo?
Is there still anything
that I can oo?
Is there still anything that I can do?
Art director hiroshi takiguchti
is there still anything
that I can oo?
You gave me strength
now I must use it for you
love we shared means nothing
if I can't be with you
is there still anything
that love can odo?
Is there still anything
that I can oo?
is there still anything
Why did the world let us dream when all we had is nothing?
Is there still anything that love can do? Radwimps
why did the world let us dream
when all we had is nothing?
- Why did the world let us dream when all we had is nothing?
- Grand escape feat. Toko miura radwimps
why did the world let us dream
when all we had is nothing?
Why did the world let us dream when all
we had is nothing? Voice of wind radwimps
why did the world let us dream
when all we had is nothing?
Celebration feat. Toko miura
radwimps
why did the world let us hope when all our life
has an end? Celebration feat. Toko miura radwimps
why did the world let us hope
when all our life has an ena?
Why did the world let us hope when all our
life has an end? We'll be alright radwimps
why did the world let us hope
when all our life has an ena?
Why did the world let us hope when all our life
has an end? Written & composed by yoijiro noda
why did the world let us hope
when all our life has an ena?
Why did the world let us hope when all our life
has an end? Music producer sayoko narukawa
music producer sayoko narukawa
why did the world give us things only fo slip
through our hands? Music producer sayoko narukawa
why did the world give us things
only to slip through our hands?
Why did the world give us things only fo slip through
our hands? Sound director & audio engineer haru Yamada
sound director & audio engineer
haru Yamada
yet we cling on, how ugly we are sound
director & audio engineer haru Yamada
yet we cling on, how ugly we are
or are we pretty?
Tell me
All love songs had been sung
myriad movies had
fold thelr sfories
you and I were born
in such a wasteland, and yet
you and I were born in such a wasteland,
and yet producers wakana okamura kinue ito
you and I were born
in such a wasteland, and yet
you and I were born in such a wasteland,
and yet associate producer kazuki sunami
you and I were born
in such a wasteland, and yet
you and I were born in such a wasteland, and
yet assistant producers miki kase yuta hori
you and I were born
in such a wasteland, and yet
produced by story inc.
There ls something left for love
fo do produced by story inc.
There is something left
for love fo do
there ls something left for love fo
do production comix wave films inc.
There is something left
for love fo do
there is something left
for me fo do
there is something left for me
fo do director makoto shinkai
director makoto shinkai